Just one last big step.
We need to make sure that we open up our query service and watch for the comment updated event.
Whenever we receive that, we're going to find the appropriate comment in memory and we're going to
update its status to whatever the status is inside the event.
So let's get to it.
Let's open up our query service.
Back inside my editor.
I'm going to find my query service.
Open up the index dog's file inside there.
I will find where we handle all the different events that are coming in here.
I'm going to add on a new if statement and watch for a type of.
Comment updated.
I'll then pull out the updated ID content post ID and status.
From Data.
And we'll once again attempt to find the appropriate comment.
As a quick reminder, we are storing all of our posts inside of an object.
So we're going to look inside there.
We're going to find all the comments with the appropriate post.
And then we need to, just as we did a moment ago, look to that array of comments and find the comment
that we're trying to update.
So very similar code to what we wrote in the back inside of our comment service just in the last video.
So I'll say post is going to be.
Posts at post ID.
Well, then find the appropriate comment.
Which will be post comments find we're going to iterate over every comment.
And then return comment ID equal to the idea of the comment that we're trying to update.
Well, then update that comment.
So let's say that it's status is going to be this new status.
But remember, climate updated right here is kind of a very generic update or it's saying, hey, there's
some new attributes associated with this comment.
So chances are we would want to not only update the status here, we might have also updated the content
of the comment itself as well.
So we should probably just take that property and use it to update this comment because again, we don't
really know what change here might have been.
The status might have been the content, who knows?
We'll just take all these updated properties and assign them to this comment.
So I'll do comment.
Content is content.
And that should pretty much be it.
Once again, we don't have to try to save this or stored this back inside the comments array because
we are updating the object that already exists inside there.
Okay.
So we've made many changes so far.
And I just want to say that chances are some point in time during this process, you have said, wow,
this seems crazy, this seems insane.
How do I know what changes are being made?
Those are some really great questions.
And honestly, if you did not get confused during this process of updating these services, I would
be kind of surprised.
This really was nasty, and I'm going to be kind of surprised if you made all these changes without
making any typos whatsoever.
I just want you to keep that in mind, because this entire process of having to go between these different
services, add in some events, change events, that's some really nasty stuff.
And with that doubt, if we're going to start working on any larger application, we need some better
tools or some better methodology of managing the definition of all these events between these services.
There's no doubt about it.
We need a better way of managing all this stuff because the last three videos really have not been fun.
Having said that, I think it's time to actually do a test of the application and see if this moderation
stuff is actually working.
Now, remember, we do not actually have anything on the React side, this application yet to actually
show something that says, hey, this comment is being approved or rejected or what have you.
So for right now, we're going to take a look at our network request, log inside of Chrome and make
sure that all these different comments we're creating have the appropriate status attached to them.
Before we do any of that testing, however, I'm going to go over to my terminal and I'm going to make
sure that none of these windows have any airs being displayed inside them.
If you see any errors, that means you likely have a typo somewhere inside of your code.
Now, one last thing I want to mention very quickly.
If you go through this process of testing out this application and you don't get an error from something,
again, I'm kind of going to be surprised because we've made a ton of changes, so many places where
you can make a typo very, very easily.
All right, so let's go over to our browser and at least try to do a test.
So I'm going to refresh the page.
I'm going to create a new post.
So say new post.
I'll refresh the page, I'll add in a new comment at Submit and I'll go back over to my terminal and
see what I have.
When I flip back over, I don't see any errors anywhere.
Again, incredibly likely that you will have an error from somewhere inside of here.
If you have an error, you can either try to hunt it down yourself or just download the completed code
that is attached to this lecture and try running that instead.
So I'm going to go back over now.
I'm going to refresh the page.
I see the comment right there.
If I click on my list of posts or see my yes, my list of posts inside the network request log, I'll
expand that one post that I have.
Take a look at the comments and you'll notice that this comment has been approved.
Okay.
Well, that's good.
Let's now try making a comment that should be rejected.
So I'm going to put in a comment here.
Of orange.
I will submit it.
I'm going to refresh.
I'll click on the post request again.
And now I should see a second comment inside of here.
And this time around it should have a status of rejected because it met our criteria for rejecting a
comment.
It had the word orange inside of it.
So that means that, hey, this stuff is working out pretty well.
The last thing we really need to do is update the React application.
So the React application should show, hey, this comment has been rejected.
If the comment has been rejected and it should show something like this comment is still being moderated
if it is still in the pending state.
So let's take a look at the React application in just a moment and fix it up.